I"ª
<p>I can already tell this is going to be hard, since I‚Äôm listening to <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ko3TdPy0TU">Matt Parker explain Dream‚Äôs speedrun controversy</a> on YouTube (courtesy of the algorithm).</p>

<p>First step - Dealing with YouTube. YouTube probably has the most infamous algorithm out there. Recommendations of COOM material is not unheard of during the sacred time that is No Nut November. On a more serious note, YouTube is the one of the biggest hurdles on the track to a productive life (at least for me). A HUGE part of my day is wasted just looking for a video to watch. I used to get up in the morning to exercise and meditate, but now, after getting up in the morning, I just browse through YouTube trying to find something to entertain me. Suffice it to say, YouTube‚Äôs recommendation system is really effective at getting people to waste their time. I‚Äôd also like to address the question, ‚ÄúWhat if it‚Äôs not a problem with YouTube, but a lack of willpower on the user‚Äôs part?‚Äù I really don‚Äôt get that question, since it‚Äôs like saying that if someone much stronger than you punches you, just stop the punch. Firstly, why should the stronger person punch the weaker person in the first place? Here, the stronger person is likened to YouTube‚Äôs algorithm (and other recommender systems as well), and the weaker one to the user. Secondly, I have no doubt that the user is the weaker person in this analogy. Thousands of dollars and thousands of people have contributed to creating an algorithm meant to make you sit and stare at a screen for hours on end. You simply CANNOT win against this. The only way you‚Äôre going to make make any sort of progress against this attention-hungry app, is by giving it up. Finally, and most obviously, HOW IS THE WEAKER PERSON SUPPOSED TO STOP THE PUNCH? Speaking less in analogies, how is the average user supposed to ‚Äòwill‚Äô their way out of a system constructed with so much care and precision, that is designed to serve only a single purpose, which is to hold your attention for a long time? Whether you‚Äôre for capitalism or not, you have to admit Adam Smith never thought of the consumers being the products; he never thought that ‚Äòthe sins of man‚Äô that were supposed to benefit society (as that was the premise of capitalism) would turn against humankind itself, and would seek to exploit it. This is most definitely a flaw in the system, and you don‚Äôt have to be an anti-capitalist to admit it. Now I could go on and on, likening this to slavery or to the dystopian future that George Orwell depicted in his book, 1984, but that would be totally unnecessary, as I only wanted to provide my reasoning behind wanting to dealgorithmize.</p>

:ET